## Live Python Demos - Generative Artificial Intelligence, June 27, 2024

Hosting Generative AI Models on laptops is a reality for many developers in 2024. In specific, both Large Language Models (LLMs) and Large Multimodal Models (LMMs) were served on a MacBook Pro m3 max with 48GB. Users from across the country were permitted to upload an image with a prompt which were then sent to the laptop server for processing followed by a response. Although images were processed correctly on the server at 130+ tokens/second, issues were experienced in completing some requests over the internet. 

Featured in the discussion was utilization of the Hugging Chat platform, and line by line coding using Hugging Face’s Blip and Gradio UI. In addition, a LangChain agent executor demo was run with responses evaluated using LangSmith, and costs determined through OpenAI’s Platform and Colab. [Live demos recording](https://youtu.be/4L9XIMSWz0w)

Open WebUI setup in conjunction with Ollama, Docker, and Portainer was utilized to make several open-source generative ai models accessible locally. (1) In specific, the output quality and speed of 3 LLMs while accessing 2 local RAG documents were compared by a 4th evaluator LLM productively at speeds close to 50 tokens/sec, see recording for details. 3 Multimodal models were also compared against each other using different image uploads with speed favoring moondream 1.8b, and generation quality with llava 7b and llava 13b.  

deepseek-coder-v2:16b and codestral 22.2B were asked to produce code regarding three different python generative ai tasks. Responses typically favored code featuring older models, however deepseek-coder’s response to use Hugging Face’s pipeline to generate high quality photorealistic images is still relevant today. Lastly, the WebUI application was accessed by a second user account on an iPhone 15 Pro on a different cellular network live to successfully send an image of Stanford Medicine students standing in a formal photograph with the prompt “Describe” to the laptop server, and the phone received an accurate generated response.

(1) NetworkChuck. (2024, May 3). host ALL your AI locally [Video]. YouTube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjrdr0NU4Sk
